---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /B2Qprivacy/
---

## Book2Quiz Privacy Policy

App name: Book2Quiz (“B2Q”)
Contact: info@benholland.net

Effective Date: 12 December 2025
Version: 1.0

This Privacy Policy explains how Book2Quiz handles information when you use the app.

Summary

No account required.

Reading/quiz progress is stored locally on your device (not on our servers).

Ads (if enabled) are provided by Google AdMob, which may collect device and usage data for ad delivery and measurement. 
Google for Developers
+1

Optional diagnostics/telemetry is local-only (disabled by default) and can be cleared in the app.

Purchases (if offered) are processed by Google Play Billing / Google Payments. We do not receive your full payment card details, but Google may share limited purchase-related information necessary to provide the entitlement. 
payments.google.com
+1

You can opt out of personalized ads via Android/Google settings (exact menus vary by Android version). 
privacyinternational.org
+1

1. Information We Collect
1.1 Information You Provide

Book2Quiz does not require registration and does not ask you to submit personal information such as your name, email address, or profile details.

1.2 Information Collected Automatically
A) Reading & Quiz Progress (Local Only)

Book2Quiz stores certain data only on your device, such as:

last-read chapter/section

quiz attempts and scores

settings (e.g., telemetry toggle)

This data is used only to provide app features (resume reading, show progress, show results). It is not uploaded to our servers.

B) Advertising Data (Third-Party – Google AdMob, if ads are enabled)

If the app shows ads, it uses Google AdMob / Google Mobile Ads SDK. Google may collect information such as:

IP address (which may be used to estimate general location)

user interactions (e.g., ad views/clicks, app interactions relevant to ads)

diagnostic information (e.g., crash/performance signals related to the SDK)

device identifiers (including Advertising ID where available/allowed) 
Google for Developers
+1

Google’s processing is governed by Google’s Privacy Policy. 
policies.google.com

C) Downloads of Book Content (If the app offers a catalog / downloads)

If you download .b2q book bundles, the app will connect to the hosting provider you use (for example, a CDN or GitHub-hosted files). That host will typically receive standard network data (e.g., your IP address and basic request metadata) as part of delivering the file.

D) Optional Diagnostics / Telemetry (Local-Only)

If enabled in Settings, Book2Quiz may store minimal diagnostic logs locally on your device to help identify issues, such as:

app version

device model / OS version

error messages and stack traces

These logs are not transmitted to our servers by default, and you can disable and clear them in-app.

2. How We Use Information

Local progress data: to provide resume, progress, and results features.

Ads (AdMob): to display ads, measure performance, reduce fraud/abuse, and support the free tier. 
Google for Developers
+1

Local diagnostics (optional): to improve stability and troubleshoot issues on-device.

3. Sharing of Information

We do not sell your personal information.

We share information only in the following cases:

3.1 Google AdMob (Advertising)

If ads are enabled, AdMob collects and processes data as described above. 
Google for Developers
+1

3.2 Google Play Billing / Google Payments (Purchases, if offered)

If you purchase a paid tier (e.g., “Forever Unlock” or a subscription, if present), purchases are handled by Google Play. Google may share certain personal or transaction information with the developer you purchase from, and provides us purchase confirmation/entitlement signals (e.g., order identifiers / purchase tokens) needed to unlock features. We do not receive your full payment card details. 
payments.google.com
+1

4. Your Choices and Controls
4.1 Personalized Ads Controls

You can limit ad personalization through Android/Google settings (menus vary by Android version). Common paths include:

Android: Settings → Privacy → Ads → “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” (or similar) 
privacyinternational.org

Google Ads settings: adssettings.google.com (manage ad personalization) 
Google Help

4.2 Reset or Clear Local Data

You can reset progress and/or clear diagnostic logs from within the app (where provided). Uninstalling the app also removes locally stored app data.

5. Legal Bases (GDPR / EEA / UK)

Where GDPR applies:

Local progress/settings are processed to perform the app’s core functionality (performance of a contract / legitimate interests, depending on context).

Advertising (AdMob) is processed by Google under its own terms and may rely on consent or other lawful bases depending on region and configuration. 
policies.google.com
+1

Purchases (Google Play Billing) are processed to complete transactions and provide entitlements. 
payments.google.com
+1

6. Data Retention

Local progress & settings: retained on your device until you reset them, clear app data, or uninstall.

Local diagnostics (if enabled): retained on your device until cleared.

Third-party retention (e.g., AdMob/Google) is governed by Google’s policies. 
policies.google.com

7. Data Security

Local data is stored in the app’s private storage area on your device and is protected by the device’s security model.

Third-party services (Google) use industry-standard protections; see Google’s policies for details. 
policies.google.com

8. Children’s Privacy

Book2Quiz is not directed to children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe a child has provided personal information, contact us and we will take appropriate steps.

9. Third-Party Links

The app may include links to external sites (e.g., publisher pages, references, or policies). We are not responsible for the privacy practices of external sites.

10. Changes to This Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The “Effective Date” above will reflect the latest version. Continued use of the app after an update means you accept the revised policy.

11. Contact

For privacy questions or requests, contact: info@benholland.net
